Yes, all of the goods have been delivered.
"Mon Energy Drink"
Can the rest wait until after
the new year?
I think so.
Have you checked with them about it?
Yes, they said it was no problem.
Igarashi-chan!
Thanks for putting this together for me.
We managed to get it done
before the end of the year.
That's great!
Hello, this is Itomaki Trading.
Yes, this is Igarashi.
Thank you for your business.
All right, I hope you have
a happy new year.
Well, well, Igarashi-chan.
You're getting to be a real pro at sales.
Really?!
Some of us are still rookies, no matter
how many years they've been at it.
All right, everyone. Our year-end party's
after work today, so start getting ready.
Okay!
"Episode 11:
The Seasons Come and Go"
Thank you for all of your hard work
this year. Cheers!
Cheers!
Takeda-kun, you can really down a beer.
I'll have another draft beer!
And I'll have a shochu and hot water.
Coming right up!
Igarashi-chan, are you
going home for New Year's?
No, I'm going to spend
it here with friends.
Really?
What about you, Sakurai-san?
Got any big plans for New Year's Eve?
No, nothing big planned...
Who you gonna spend it with?
How 'bout with me?
Shut up, you guys!
I'm spending the New Year's
with my little brother.
What about you, Kazama?
I'm going to spend it at home gaming.
That sounds like you.
I spend my New Year's at a ski resort.
It's a New Year's tradition.
You ski, Chief?
I never would've guessed.
What about you, Takeda-kun?
You going somewhere?
Well, I've got midwinter judo training
until the very end of the year, so...
...I'll be spending
New Year's vegging out.
Vegging out for New Year's.
That sounds nice, too.
"Itoguruma"
Have a good night!
All right, everyone,
have a happy new year!
Have a happy new year!
Later, Kazama.
Yeah, see you next year.
Kazama-kun?
Have a happy new year.
Yeah...
Um...
Kazama-kun, would you like to come
to my place for New Year's Eve?
Yuto's been wanting to see you.
Okay.
Let's have some toshikoshi soba.
"Yakitori" "Karaoke Shop"
Don't you have to go home for New Year's?
What?
I bet your grandpa misses you.
Futaba! Come home!
I miss you so much I could die!
Grandpa's going on a fishing trip with his
friends, so I'll go home some other time.
Well, that sounds like something he'd do.
Okay, I hope we can keep
working together next year.
A-All right.
Try not to catch a cold!
"Itomaki Ramen"
"I'm doing it again this year!
New Year's Ramen: an annual tradition!!
Come join me!"
"Karaoke"
Mmm, this is good.
Sis?
What's the matter?
Sorry, I forgot I promised to go to a New
Year's Eve party at a friend's tonight.
I'm going there now.
What?!
I'm really sorry!
When are you coming back?
Well, it's a New Year's Eve party,
so probably sometime tomorrow.
Tomorrow?!
My friend'll get mad, so...
I've got to go now! Sorry!
What should I do?
If I don't do something, then...
What's the matter? Did you forget...
Uh... well, I came over
for New Year's Eve...
W-Welcome...
Hey. Where's Yuto-kun?
Uh... actually, he went out.
What?
So... it'll be just you and me tonight...
"The Sakurai Residence"
O-Oh. So, Yuto-kun went out, huh?
Yeah, he forgot he made other plans...
Hey, it smells like something's burning.
Hmm? Oh, no!
Is everything all right?
Oh, darn!
Futaba?
Yeah?
You need any help?
No, I'm fine. Make yourself at home.
Okay, I'll do that.
Oh.
Your phone's ringing!
Thanks.
Is it Takeda-senpai?
Huh?! Why would it be?!
"Grandpa"
"LIME Video"
It's Grandpa.
"Grandpa"
"LIME Video"
Oh, really?
Hey, Futaba! Tada-ta-ta-tada, ta-da!
Wow! That's a huge fish!
Yeah, pretty amazing, huh?!
Eek!
Oh...
So, this is your granddaughter...
What a cutie!
So, you're Futaba-chan?
How would you like to be my granddaughter?
Who'd let you have her, you old coot?!
You're such a stingy bastard!
What do you mean "stingy"?
Grandpa, I've got to go now.
Be careful out there!
Okay, I'll send you some fish!
Grandpa's circle of friends...
What a mystery, huh?
"Soba"
I wonder what Takeda-senpai's up to now...
Wait a sec! Who cares what he's doing?
Sorry about the wait.
Oh, this looks really good!
Shall we?
Yeah.
Let's eat!
Mmm!
How was your year, Futaba?
W-Well, I worked pretty hard, I guess.
Work, huh?
What?
Oh, nothing.
Get outta here!
I'm so sorry...
It's no problem at all.
I came here to see you, Sakurai.
I would've liked to eat your soba, but...
"You Better Not Laugh
24 Hours!!"
Hey man, bring it on!
You're out!
No, don't!
Kind of hard not to laugh, huh?
Yeah.
When we're done eating, let's head to
a shrine for our first visit of the year.
Okay.
Futaba?
Whoa!
Wow!
Kazama-kun?
Happy New Year.
Yep.
"Itomaki Shrine"
Pretty crowded, huh?
It's New Year's Day.
Takeda-san!
Hey, Natsumi!
Oh, hey there!
You here for your first shrine visit?
Yeah, I was on my way to my favorite
ramen shop and thought I'd stop by.
Oh, you're here, too.
Yeah, well... Happy New Year.
Thanks! Happy New Year!
Oh, no!
I just remembered some really important
business that I can't get out of, so...
...I'd better be going!
What?!
You two have fun now!
Natsumi?!
It's the start of the new year,
and she's already got stuff to do.
You wore a kimono?
Yeah, because it's New Year's.
That's great.
You want to do your
first shrine visit with me?
Okay.
God, please help me land more contracts.
And make my boobs a little bigger.
And...
Senpai?
Yeah?
I hope you have a great year.
I hope you do, too.
"Fortunes"
Let's get our fortunes told.
That's a great idea!
Last year I drew a chuukichi.
Well, mine was kichi.
Oh, yeah? That's not too bad, I guess.
Huh? Kichi's the next best
fortune after daikichi, isn't it?
No, it's not.
I'm sure the order is daikichi,
chuukichi, shoukichi, kichi.
No, you're wrong. The correct order
is daikichi, kichi, chuukichi.
What? Chuukichi's better than kichi.
Nuh-uh, kichi's better.
Okay, whoever gets the better
fortune today wins the dispute.
No hard feelings no matter what you get.
All right.
Whoa! This gal's amazing!
Look, it's Mona-san...
"Daikichi"
Wow! She drew another daikichi!
I've got another one right here.
Read it and weep.
"Daikichi"
She draws a daikichi every time!
Incredible!
Happy New Year!
They're all daikichi!
Draw my fortune for me, please!
Whoa...
That's amazing. It must be pretty easy
to get a daikichi at this shrine.
Let's give it a try!
Okay.
"Fortunes"
Fortune, please.
All right.
Here you go.
Thanks.
"Hankichi" "Hankichi"
--What is it?
--What?
Oh, nothing.
"Itomaki Shrine Office"
Let's tie them up and go.
Okay.
Fortunes only provide a false
sense of security, anyway.
Exactly.
"The person you are waiting for
is standing next to you."
Okay, here's your New Year's ramen.
What makes it so special?
It's got more naruto in it.
Really? That makes it a bit more festive.
It sure does.
Let's eat.
Yeah.
"Menu"
Well, I guess those fortunes
were pretty unimpressive, huh?
Yeah.
Speaking of which, Takeda-senpai...
Yeah?
What exactly... did your fortune say?
Well...
"The person you are waiting for
is standing next to you."
Nothing special. Pretty average stuff.
Are you hiding something from me?
What about yours, Igarashi?
Mine? Um, well...
mine was also pretty average.
You hiding something from me, too?
"Too"? That means you're
also hiding something!
And so are you!
Let's drop this, okay?
We don't need to get so worked up
over our fortunes, do we?
Um... Well...
I guess you're right.
Okay, let's go to our reporter
live at the scene. Suzuki-san?
Hello! I'm here at Itomaki Shrine.
Now, let's go ask a couple what they think
of their first shrine visit this year.
Hello there.
Uh, well, this isn't really a date...
It's our first shrine visit this year.
Oh, I see. So, how was it?
We happened to see our coworkers
here a little while ago.
We didn't want to disturb them,
so we didn't call out to them.
Were they on a date?
I don't know if you'd call it that,
but the two of them are really close.
At first, things were pretty
tense between them.
--What's wrong? Your ramen's getting cold.
--Oh, really?
Oh, right!
Now what are things like?
Oh, take a look at this.
Are they... father and daughter?
Oh, she's sleeping next to him!
That's so cute!
Huh?!
When we were on the train, she fell
asleep against our senpai's shoulder.
If she finds out,
don't come running to me.
You can really tell what
a good match they are.
--It's a shame I can't
show this on camera.
--Extra noodles, please!
--It's a shame I can't
show this on camera.
--You got it!
--It's a shame I can't
show this on camera.
The two of them just had
their fortunes told here...
Senpai, I'll be right back.
Please wait for me here.
What's the matter? You forget something?
Something like that.
What's with her...?
Hey, Harumi. Here're your extra noodles.
Oh, thanks.
"Kazama Souta Sent a Photo"
"Kazama Souta: Guys,
I'm counting on you."
"Kazama Souta Sent a Photo"
"Kazama Souta: Guys,
I'm counting on you."
It's from Kazama...
What's going on?!
Stop the camera!
Oh, you're awake.
Are you all right?
Sakurai...
You were looking at my chest
just now, weren't you?
Yeah, I was.
Thanks for being honest.
That picture you took of them on
the sly wound up getting erased, huh?
I uploaded it to the cloud first,
so it's not a problem.
How smart of you.
Guess I'd better download it.
Kazama-kun?
Why'd you come with me today?
You said you were going to spend
New Year's at home gaming.
Well...
Lots of guys were asking you out, Sakurai.
So, I was really glad when you asked a
nobody like me over, and not one of them.
I just thought it'd be way more fun...
...to spend New Year's Day
with you than to spend it alone.
Oh...
Or something like that.
I'm stiff from having your head in
my lap this whole time, Kazama-kun.
I'm going to get us some drinks.
What do you want?
I'll have some hot tea.
All right.
Hey! Hey mister!
Who's that lady that was here just now?
Her? She's a colleague at work.
A col-league?
It means we're friends.
Really? You guys aren't dating?
N-No...
Do you have feelings for her?
Huh?!
Well...
Yeah, I do...
But she's way out of my league,
and I don't know how she feels about me.
Then, take a look at this!
A toy camera?
I'm back!
Oh, what a cute little girl!
Hey.
Quick! Take a look!
A-All right.
What's this? There's something
fishy going on here.
No, don't!
Sakurai?
You see this?
What?
Did you see this, Kazama-kun?
No, I didn't...
Well, you can't! I absolutely forbid it!
What's so bad about it?
Everything!
But it was a really good shot...
You mustn't take pictures like this!
Are you going to erase it?
Of course I am!
Aww!
"Illustration: Namori"